hey this is Phil gates and the behringer
booth showing off the new bugera t-50
amplifier at NAMM 2015 check it out we
got a ton of cool stuff here on this
amplifier it's got two channels with
their own tone on either side of the
channels and you can use you know the
situation where you can select them with
the foot switch or there's a fat switch
to get some extra presence and boost out
of the signal on the lead channel also
you have four preamp tubes on the front
end two power tubes on the back end
they're really kicking out some warm fat
tone also on the back you have switches
for the biasing of the tubes also we've
got the Infinium tube life multiplier
technology inside and what that means is
that your tubes going to last a lot
longer which is what all of us guitar
players love is tubes that last a long
time there's nothing wrong with that
so it's a way to keep the tone going
longer okay and making a great sound
happen it's a cage style amplifier as
you can see it's a glorious thing to
look at it's a very cool looking
amplifier and it's got tone and match
you can hook it up with any cabinet that
makes it awesome
so it's an easy amp to carry around it's
50 watts of great power great tone and
it just freakin rocks I can go from with
a nice clean channel thing here right
into Distortion
I can go back clean
this is the big era t-50 amplifier it's
a killer amplifier it's a small package
50 watts great tone great sound if you
have any questions whatsoever on this
amplifier please feel free to call your
Sweetwater sales engineer and they will
answer all your questions for you and
get you dialed in thanks a lot for
watching
you